Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we're moving into a new section and that section is all about functions and I would just kick off
by saying that functions are fantastic.
They are terrific.
Functions are named blocks of code that are designed to do one specific job when you want to program
a specific task that you've defined in the function you call the name responsible for when you need
to perform the same task multiple times in your program.
You don't have to type the same code over and over again as we have been doing previously.
You can just call the required function.
So now let's take a look at a simple example.
OK so here we are.
So let's first off define our function.
So we do that by DPF.
Actually I'll add in some comments.
OK so Collins and so we start by defining our function and we do that by typing DPF for the fine.
And then it's followed by the name of the function.
So we're going to call this function Hello World Hello world.
Now we have no arguments to pass in the brackets so we leave that empty.
Later on we'll see how we can put information in there next.
Every function must have a description and we do that by first and bring in tree come tree double quotes
and giving it a description.
Displaying Hello world.
And then Mikko's it with tradeable quotes.
Next what we want the function to do what we want to print Hello world.
So this is what we actually want the function to do itself.
Hello world.
Then finally we call the function.
So our function name is hello world hello world.
We have no arguments to pass.
So that's it.
And let's see what happens when we run that.
OK there we go.
Hello world.
Let's just do a very quick recap.
We defined a function PEF we entered in our function name followed by brackets and a colon.
We then opened up our function's comment.
Our function description would treat double quotes displaying Hello World and close it off untradable
quote.
Then we entered in what we wanted our function to do.
So in this case we just wanted to print out a simple Hello World message.
Following that we call the actual function itself.
So as we gave her name Hello World to the function we call that again at the end and when we run it
prints out our function troat this section.
Now we're going to look at how we can get more features from our functions.
So thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.